Prerequsites: qt6 (alternately qt5)

To build sysmon3 (pronounced sys-mon-three), run:

  qmake sysmon3.pro
  make

On most modern systems this should take less than 30 seconds.  Much 
less if parallelism (-j<number>) is used for make.

If desired, copy the executable, sysmon3, to a system location
such as /usr/bin.
---------
When started without parameters, the program will ask what system to monitor.
The default is localhost.  To add a different system, enter it into the line
below the list box and push "Add', 'Test', and 'Save'.  The sysmond daemon must
be running on the monitored system. Using the 'Test' button determines if it is
running on the desired system. Finally pushing 'Start' will exit the setup
window and start the main window.

After a host is set up, the setup window asking for the server can be bypassed
by specifying the host to monitor on the command line. For example:

  sysmon3 remotesys
  sysmon3 localhost

Multiple instances of sysmon3 can be run at one time for different systems.  It
can be even be run multiple times for the same system, but that doesn't make much
sense.  If desired though, muliple workstations can monitor the same server.

Controlling the program:

A right click on the window brings up a short menu:
  F1     - Configuration
  Ctrl-Q - Exit/Close the application
  Ctrl-F - Toggle the window frame

The main window starts up without a frame.  The frame can be turned on and off
with Ctrl-F.  This is useful for moving the window to the desired location.

When the application exits normally, the system saves it's location (for the
current monitored system) and will use that when restarting 

The configuration then allows selection, and in some cases format, of the 
items to monitor.  Sub-windows allow customization of fonts, colors, and
what temperature sensors to monitor.  The displayed labels for temperature
sensors can also be customized. Selecting 'Apply' immediately takes changes
to the main window effective.

Note: The configuration file is $HOME/.config/LinuxFromScratch/sysmon3.conf.
This file can be read, but is designed to be managed from the application.
